We'll never be tight-bombed proper conduct in the book.
And I told you I was one of the penalties of working with my committee.
Yes, I did.
Despite that, you said you were going to...
...could have a very good job with you out of the FBI.
The job had a security desk, I believe you called, in New York,
and come down and work with my committee, is that right?
Yes, sir, I did.
But, uh, in terms of the car, I say that I...
...feel very strongly.
I think, ma'am, I've indicated it last night,
that I must protect the...
...young man who come with my committee to do a job of exposing communists.
I feel very strongly about the smear, the level against them.
Sometimes, not by the communists party,
but sometimes by the communists party using...
...mega-phones, unknowing mega-phones, by my side.
A man who don't realize what they are doing.
And I just want to, again, assure you and assure Mr. Cohn...
...the rest of my committee, that whenever any of these smear, they're attempted.
As you can be sure that I will do everything I can to...
...try and give the American people the truth.
And I think that something hasn't been accomplished by this...
...he's hearing from the figure.
I...
...will further question Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Wohl, Mr. Cohn, you have ten minutes.
Ten minutes.
Mr. Cohn, the clear is not through that...
...Mr. Cohn, here you are.
You, uh, clouds, do what you like to bomb these.
Try again, Mr. Wohl, maybe.
I'll stop right here.
Take up.
Mr. Wohl, here you are.
Mr. Cohn, I was about to say to you, sir, that this fair...
...will continue to conduct a portion of this...
...with this cross-examination, but with an...
...interruption from me on a small point at this time.
First, I'm...
...between you and William.
That's right.
Uh...
Mr. Carr, first as to your joining this committee...
...when you came from the New York desk.
You know, I take it that you looked on it as an advancement...
...did you not, sir?
Yes, I looked on it as a...
...somewhat of an advancement.
Uh, although looking back on it, I'm not sure.
Well, uh...
...in any event, and I have no slightest criticism of you, sir.
You looked on it as a step forward in your career.
Yes, sir, I looked on it as an interesting...
...challenge. I was interested in it.
Right.
One other item, uh, we have often heard about the limited...
...appropriation that you have.
Would you know the amount of it, sir, for this year?
Yes, sir. It varies from year to year.
This year, I think it's approximately 214,000 dollars.
Pretty close to a quarter of a million dollars.
Yes.
And it was, well, a senator asked for it, was it not?
From Congress.
Uh...
Yes, sir. I think during the period...
...there was some debate back and forth, but I think it's generally what was asked for, yes sir.
Now, what I really wanted to ask you about, Mr. Carr, was this two-and-a-quarter page document.
And I was somewhat surprised to learn that you first saw it in this courtroom.
You told us that, is it?
I said that, uh...
I believe it was in this courtroom.
I have a recollection that it was on the days that it was shown in this courtroom.
I may have brought it down from the senator's office.
I'm not sure.
I know, I'm sorry.
Yes, sir. For the first time.
You also told us, of course, that you knew about it.
Yes, sir.
And that you were told what was in it.
And that you had all the information that was in it.
I think that's correct, sir.
How did you get that information, Mr. Carr?
How was it related to me?
Yes.
Uh...
At first, I believe, it was related to me in a general conversation, uh...
with Senator McCarthy and Mr. Cohn.
Yes.
Later, I think that, uh...
in a conversation with our conference, you might probably call it,
with Senator McCarthy.
Uh...
He told me in detail what was in it.
And, uh...
As I recall, I made a list of the names in pencil.
Now, when they were talking to you about it,
did you realize that it purported to be a confidential document of the FBI?
Uh...
No, sir. I did.
Was that concealed from you?
No, sir.
Uh...
When...
To answer your question, when I...
When we first talked about it, uh...
It was told to me that this was a document which...
uh...
Substantuated the statements made by an informant within the Army.
Well, I didn't quite ask you that.
Did you learn that it had at the top of a confidential?
Uh...
I'm not sure that I did.
I may have.
Was that...
I'd like to know whether you were told that or were not told that.
Uh...
At this point, I can't say what there was or I wasn't.
It would have been pressed.
You had you heard it, would it not?
No, not particularly.
Not as an old FBI man, if you saw it as a letter purporting to be signed by J. Edgar Hoover and Mark's at the top confidential,
you'd say you wouldn't have been impressed by it.
Well, I've seen many such letters, sir.
In your files?
No, sir.
In my...
In my day.
Oh, when you were in the FBI?
Yes, sir.
But Mr. Carr, you're out of the FBI.
Now you know.
Yes.
Have you seen many of them since you got out?
No, sir.
Never even saw this one until this courtroom.
That's right.
And now once again, remembering that you are not now on the FBI or remember the FBI,
had you known that that document, the two-in-a-quarter page document was reported to Carrie J. Edgar Hoover signature and was marked at the top confidential?
Was that of impressed you?
Uh...
I don't think it would have impressed me, particularly, no, sir.
You just wouldn't have been impressed, is that right?
Well, I'm not sure what you mean by impressed.
Well, I'd say that it wouldn't have particularly impressed me.
No, sir.
Suppose I were to produce a document like that now.
For pointing to Carrie J. Edgar Hoover signature and marked at the top confidential, would you have been amazed to find it in my position?
No, sir.
I wouldn't have thought.
Well, then you think confidential documents, reporting to Carrie Hoover signature or bouncing around Washington by the dozen?
No, sir.
This is the only one you ever heard of bouncing around, is it not?
If you produced one, sir, I would say that it was one that was directed to the Army.
Were you in the courtroom when we heard from the messenger to J. Edgar Hoover, who said it should not have been made public or transmitted to anyone?
I was in the courtroom. I don't recall that he said that.
Mr. Murr, what's the right messenger to J. Edgar Hoover did not say that?
Well, did Mr. Brown know?
Were you in the courtroom when Mr. Brown said he could not be disclosed to anyone?
I think I was.
Now, what happened is I understand it.
It's... it... strike it out.
When you... when Mr. Carr or when Mr. Extra strike it out, when the senator and Mr. Cohen talk to you about it, did they have some documents in front of them?
As I recall, when they first talked to me about it, they didn't.
I think when I talked with Senator McCarthy about it, I think he may have.
I know he told me in detail what the document contained that I can't, at this point, say that he did or he didn't.
He very well did they have?
Did they tell you, sir, that they didn't want to give you a copy of it?
Oh, no, sir.
Did you get the impression they were being very careful about it?
Oh, no, sir. I could have had a copy of what I suppose, if I wanted to.
Then I think we understand each other.
If you, on the first time you heard about it, had said, may I have a copy of it, but you could have had it.
I have no reason to believe that the senator wouldn't trust me with a car.
And then you... you could have put that in the files of your committee.
I probably could have... I didn't, yes.
Now, what did you do strike that out?
Did they give you... did either, Mr. Cohen or the senator give you a typewritten list of the names that were in the document?
No. Did they read them to you and you wrote them down?
As I recall, the senator...
I don't know whether you'd say he read them or perhaps he knew them all by heart.
I don't know, but I copied down a list of names, yes sir.
In long hands? Yes.
And that list of names become the basis of the fort-moment of investigation as you suggested to the senator?
No sir. When you used them did you not?
Yes sir, we looked into this list of names.
And... and examined a portion at least of the men who were named in it?
Yes sir.
How many of the men who were named in it did you examine these or an executive?
If not strike that out. How many of the men whose names were listed in it?
Did you examine in any form, whatever?
I couldn't say exactly, but I would say a good portion of them.
A good portion of them.
Then isn't it a factor that the fort-moment of investigation was substantially based on the names that you got out of the two and a quarter-page document?
That was one of the main sources for the beginning of the investigation, yes sir.
There were other things.
But that was read in the base for it. That was not really the base for it. That was one of several things.
Well, but the point is you took those names and started with those.
Well we had those names and we had some other names.
I understand. But as you question the people whose names you have, they in turn turned up other names for you.
Yes sir, but what I'm trying to say is that the time that we had these names,
we had information concerning other situations at fort-moment.
But did you have the names of other witnesses?
We had the names of, as I recall, a few other witnesses.
We had also other informants concerning fort-moment.
By the way, do you have your own personal list of informants?
No sir, I have no list. You have no list of informants that come to you with material.
No sir, no list.
Whose names you protect?
Does Mr. Conde your knowledge have a list of informants?
I don't know what Mr. Conde has in every time.
And the answer is you don't know.
I don't know.
The senator, of course, you do know, has got to list.
No, I don't know the he has to list.
Well, you understand or you're not, that he has informants whose names he will protect?
Yes sir, and I have them so.
Well, that's what I'm asking about. Do you have your own list sir?
Well, I have no list sir.
Well, I don't mean a list.
Is there a collection of informants who report to you rather than to anyone else?
No, there is no collection.
There is no, there are no such group of informants that come steadily to me.
I have people who tell me things.
The senator, I'm sure, has people who tell him things.
Mr. Conde does, and I'm sure you do.
I don't intend to ever reveal the person's name to tell me things in confidence.
I'm sure you won't. I'm sure the senator won't.
You can't be surprised about that.
You think it's good?
Charyl pass under McCollum?
Well, they're going around, and while we have the opportunity, let's return to it.
Mr. Carr, you agree with me that these hearings have also investigated the Army as well as you and Mr. Conde and Senator McCartney, don't you?
Yes, sir, the sum extent I think they have.
You mean slightly.
Ah, sir.
I'm in agreement with you, Senator.
Have a man I have to address his heart, or I'd ask questions against the Army as I have anyone else?
Yes, sir, I think you've been fast.
Yes, sir.
But I have to do one other thing, let's still be fast.
Don't you think that it's just as important to get out of the head of the Army?
Those who are cobbling and protecting commoners, it is to get them out of the individual commoners out of defense plans.
Yes, sir. That's one of the basis for perhaps the trouble here.
We want it to happen.
Well, it may be the whole trouble.
Maybe the whole trouble, but what I'm going to get at it and it's happened, going to get at it, is the truth of the charges on each side.
And do you agree with me that if your charges are true, that this committee can hardly be engaged in more important work?
Then try and establish the fact that it takes for them to have immediate action according to.
Well, I think that I'm in pretty general agreement with you, yes, sir.
Well, I think you are, too.
Then I have to do one other thing, and I'm through.
And speaking of smears, is it not all so true from your observation and experience with senators who do their duty?
And connection with investigations like this also gets smeared.
Yes, sir. I think anybody who comes to Washington, I can a good chance.
All right, wait for it.
You and I, you and I, you know, in agreement with respect to the seriousness of the charges and also that you get exposed to smears if you do your duty.
Always can happen, yes.
What has happened, does not only come, but does.
Thank you.
That's right, I just can't not have to.
One, or perhaps two questions.
Mr. Carl, I've heard that expression quote, coddling communist and quote, number of occasions in the hearings.
Drawing on recollection, do you recall that that expression appears in the answer in charges made by Senator McCarthy for himself and Mr. Coleman, you.
I don't know.
I could not phrase being used.
No, sir.
I could not find it in the answer and in the county charge.
And I wondered whether I had overlooked it or whether you knew whether it was there or not.
I don't recall that phrase being used in the statement.
And one other observation rather than a question, it's first to me that the language used was that there has been growth, mischambling of the communications.
Is that correct?
Yes.
That, of course, would be something different, I think, from the expression quote, coddling communist and quote.
Yes, that's all, Mr. Jim.
Senator Jackson, Mr. Carl, maybe you would say that I'll have New York?
No, no comment, sir.
You're taking no amendments on that.
Do you feel anybody on this committee has feared you?
On this committee here, sir?
Yes, no, sir.
Some of us on this side of them in these hearings have been given some smeared publicity as a matter of fact, so that it isn't all just a one-way affair, is it?
I don't know about that, sir.
I have never given any publicity, made any statement.
I'm not saying you.
I'm not referring to you.
And I might say that you have never done anything to make it.
It's all.
Senator Potter?
I have a question.
Senator Simon?
All right.
Senator Boych, I have a question.
It's all in some of the questions.
Yes.
I'm going to have to go question.
Mr. Wells, I have a question.
Mr. Carl?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Carl, I have a question.
I have a question.
You're about your list.
There's one question, Mr. Wells, I would like to ask the next, just one.
Mr. Wells, I have a question.
Mr. Carl, I'm glad to hear this up this morning.
I'm not sure.
I'm saying 6691.
I notice you say as I think Senator McCarthy has testified, you bring the FBI.
They have advised us in time to time that they had no drug affiliates for making concerning members of the staff.
Am I correct that you were testifying us to...
...one I told you and that the FBI has given no direct reports to any member of the staff including yourself.
No, the reports come through the chairman, yes.
And any reports that come directly to me are confidential for my use on it.
Yes, sir, that's my understanding.
And I think we should also make clear that these reports do not have to do with investigation.
These reports have to do with the members of the staff, is that right?
Yes, that's my understanding.
And as far as you know, neither I nor any member of the staff has ever gotten any report of any kind directly from the FBI.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
And these are using the word reports.
I'm thinking of a letter in which they say they had...
...it's a name check letter.
Yes.
Now, when you say that there is a report of all employees you are relying upon when I told you.
Yes, sir.
No further questions.
Mr. Carr, I was asking you to just close the My Ten Minute Period about your little group of informers if you have one.
And I think perhaps we were misunderstanding each other.
Yes.
Because as Justice My Period ended, I think you were saying that you have some people who give you information in respect to the activities of government employees.
Yes, sir.
Sometimes it's fine, yes.
Sir, sometimes it's fine, yes.
Yes.
And those men, you protect them as to their names.
And I take it, Mr. Cohen, has his list of informers.
I don't know about Mr. Cohen, sir.
All right.
Do you have no information, Mr. Weather?
No, he has.
I think he has, but I can't say.
Do you understand that Mr. Shiner also had a list, perhaps a smaller one?
Uh, my understanding has, yes.
Yes, he had one.
Yes.
And of course we know the senator has one.
Now Mr. Carr, to turn to another subject for a moment.
And speaking of communists, the one group of people are the one arm of this government that has literally bought communism with blood and with steel.
Is the army in Korea, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
There's no doubt about all of us being proud of us.
Act on the part of our arms, not in the laces.
And of course nobody could think that was coddling communists.
But no, sir.
And isn't it just incredible to you, Mr. Carr?
Just simply incredible to you that anybody in the army should actually coddle communists.
It would be incredible.
Yes, it is.
It's a week and a grey on that one.
And you don't want to sit in that chair.
And have anybody in this country think for a moment that you believe the United States Army coddles communists do you?
I don't think the United States Army coddles communists.
I would like to complete it, though, sir.
Well, would you like to qualify now?
I don't want to qualify.
Wouldn't you rather just have it simply that way?
No, I'd rather have it said my way if you don't mind.
Well, I'll let you say it your way provided you say it nicely, sir, to the effect of the United States Army does not coddle communists.
Is that what you'd like to tell us in your own words?
No, not exactly.
That I'm in agreement with you, Mr. Wallace.
Well, as you are, Kathleen, move along.
No, well, I think he kind of works a lot of the qualifications on this.
And I don't think he ought to really want to finish it.
Well, you left him in the car, but you want to add something to what seemed to be so clear and so cranked and so nice.
No, sir.
I would just like to say that I don't think that at this time the Army is coddling communists.
I think that the Army has gone to a great extent.
I shouldn't say the Army, I apologize for saying that.
I think that Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams went to great limits to prevent the exposure of persons who had cleared communists.
I don't say that that's a silly coddling communist.
No, what you're talking about there and for a loyalty board, these are the right.
That's correct.
And you know perfectly well, by the way you told us you went to law school.
Yes.
And you know perfectly well there's a very grave legal issue involved right at that point, don't you?
I don't... I'm not sure that I follow you on that.
Well, you have heard Mr. Cohen in me discuss the proposition as to whether or not your committee may legally call members of the loyalty board and put them on the...
Staying and saying, how come you decided this way in this case?
You heard that discussion haven't you?
Yes, sir.
And don't you know as an investigator and a lawyer that that prevents grave, presents grave legal problems?
There are two arguments for this, sir.
Thank you for that.
And I understand and patriotic men can have Mr. Cohen's view that you ought to be able to summon him in question that Dickens ought to.
That's right, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
And I understand patriotic men can have, let's say, the Welsh view that it's pretty awkward to call up the judge and say, how come you decided the case the way you did.
Right.
You think you can have that view, sir?
Yes, sir.
And that's a proper and a patriotic view, isn't it?
Well, I just... I can't say patriotic or proper.
I know nothing un-p patriotic about your view of persons that hold us view.
I didn't think that it's not the view that I would hold.
I think that any government employee is responsible for what he does, just as I'm responsible in sitting here.
Understand me, Mr. Cohen. I'm not saying I'm right. You understand.
I'm just saying it's perfectly possible to have that legal view.
All right, thank you, sir.
And you must see yourself that it's a little awkward for these people who sit on the loyally boards.
If they're going to decide questions fairly, it's a little awkward for them to have to bear in mind all the time that after they decide the case, maybe they'll be hauled up, put under oath, and question just how they reach their decision.
Well, it may be a little awkward, but I can't say that if they're doing their job and if they do it right, why they should worry about it.
Well, in any event, I want you to make it clear that the only point that puts your committee and the army came into collation.
Real collation was on the point of whether the members of the loyally board were going to be produced in the government.
Well, there was one other thing that seemed to...
Well, there may have been some other things.
There wasn't that, where the other thing was the Perez case.
Well, that's another matter.
The real collation came about the loyally boards, didn't it?
That was when... yes, the collation came there, and it came over the Perez case.
Well, there was a laugh about the Zwicker matter.
It was a combination, yeah, just a real thing where Adam stood pat and said, you're not going to do it.
Was that the point where he wanted the loyally board members?
You wanted the loyally board members, and he said no.
That's what he said, yes.
Now, Mr. Car...
You wanted to take a minute to get your mind reoriented, perfectly alright.
Alright, fine.
We were discussing the attempts that you say to Mr. Adam and Mr. Stevens made to get you to call off the Floor of Longland Period.
And you suggested, I think, that the first animation came from Mr. Adam, as early as the bounce August, October the 9th.
That's correct.
To my knowledge.
Yes, to your knowledge.
And that's what I'm asking you about.
Now, on October the 21st, there was another occasion I think you told us about.
That's the night you went to the Price Fight, remember?
Alright.
Yes, sir.
Is the denolated you paid for your ticket, Mr. Caron?
No, I was a guest for Mr. Collins.
Did he ever ask you to pay for it?
No, sir, and I never offered to pay for it.
But it all was a rather expensive flight, isn't it?
I said it was a championship flight.
Rather, I'd get tickets for the first flight, sir.
No problem with it.
Now, on that occasion, there was a party of four, was there not at some time?
Yes.
Who was the fourth member?
A friend of mine.
Is there some reason why you don't want to say his name? It's perfectly alright.
I don't think I let you exercise that up.
I don't think it adds to this hearing.
Well, if Mayor may not, was he with you part of the evening?
Yes, sir.
He was with us during the fight, and I think afterwards we went to a restaurant and had something to eat, and I think maybe a drink.
And he was with you there.
For a portion of the time, as I recall, he left early a few minutes.
Well, now that these efforts are by Mr. Adams to get you call off the hearing stake place in his presence?
No, sir.
That wasn't been a rather impolite thing for Mr. Adams to do with it, no matter?
Yes, sir.
Is the stranger to Mr. Adams with you, no?
Now, Mr. Adams, Mr. Adams was the reasonably intelligent person.
Don't you think, Mr. Carr?
Yes, sir, very much so.
He was a fine interviewer, wasn't he?
I thought he was, yes, sir.
Now, I think the next thing you testify to that I can remember, and I may skip over some of them, but I think you testified that again on December 9th.
You had a talk with Mr. Adams.
He, again, suggested to you that it might not be a bad idea to call this whole thing off.
Is that right?
Yes.
On this occasion, however, he started to use some rather frightening language, according to you, did he not?
Yes, sir.
He started to use some, I didn't quite hear you, I'm sorry.
Well, he started to use, in accordance with your testimony, sir, some rather frightening language, like blackmail and hostage, and what's there in it for us, and things like that.
He used the latter, the last two.
The last two, and I think your testimony is that the substance of his conversation consisted of what you deemed as a blackmail, is that right?
Yes, I thought it was a blackmail.
Or something equally as...